For the project 1 of the course CS555 - Distributed Systems, we have decided to build the ChatServer and a sample ChatClient
to test the server. As per requirement, we have implemented the mentioned simplified version of the IRC protocol for our chat server.
In this project, the client can use objects called "IRCMessage" to interact with the server and chat with the other clients that are
connected in the same channel. Now let's see a demonstration of how the project works.

For our demo, we are using 3 terminals for 3 clients and one terminal for the server. So let's go straight to it

first. lets build our project. lets build the server by running the command: javac ChatServer.java.
Similarly lets bulid the client as well by running the command javac ChatClient.java

now, lets run the server. To run the server, we need to define the port number and debug level like this. lets choose
debug level as 1 so that we can see whats going on in the server through the logger messages as we run it.

now lets execute our clients.

at this moment the first thing a client has to do is connect to the server. if a clients tries to execute any other
commands, it will see an error message showing the possible reason. so lets try that.

so since we need to connect to the server first, lets do that. now, by default, the nick name of the user is set to
the port no the client is connected to. but we can change it using the nick command. so lets change it for two of
the clients but keep it to default for one client to see how it goes.

for our project, the server initially creates 5 channels and waits for the clients to connects to those channels.
lets use the list command to see what those channels are.

lets make all the clients join the same channel for example java. now we can send messages back and forth. and all 
clients will receive the messages.

what if one of the clients is connected to a different channel? lets see what happens then.
as you can see, the clietn who is connected to a different channel is not receiving the messages from the other clients
because they are in a different channel.

as you have seen we can use the leave command to leave channel, we can also use the quit command to disconnect from the
server as well.

As required by the project we have implemented shutdown hooks. so if a clients hits ctrl c this will notify the server.
also if the server is shut down by hitting the ctcl c all the clients will receive a message for that.